you
Okay, to try this comment, as we begin, we're going to take a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
on finding a world beyond a high esteem and of this side, this so-called person does this in my years year.
In February, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March, March.
It's a very important thing.
The most important thing in common is that there is a lot of people who are not in the air and block these kinds of concerts.
And I think that there are a lot of people who are not in the air, who are not in the air, who are not in the air, who are not in the air, who are not in the air, who are not in the air, who are not in the air, who are not in the air, who are not in the air, who are not in the air, who are not in the air, who are not in the air, who are not in the air.
Amen.
So this year's the lead has, I believe, in Christmas.
And this year, I believe in Christmas.
And this year I believe in Christmas.
And this year I believe in Christmas
You don't like it.
I got the bell sweet
Say, oh, Christmas is here, bringing good cheer, with the hell me and the more.
Ding, dung, ding, dung, that is a song, rich of a ring, no care a ring.
One seems to hear words of good cheer from everywhere, feeling near.
Oh, are they tongue raising their tongue?
Oh, hear them down, tell them they sing.
Gave it a ring while people sing song.
Merry, Merry, Merry, Merry Christmas!
Since the year was of good cheer from everywhere, feeling near.
All of it all raising their song.
Hallelujah!
Gaining the rain, why people say, song of the cheer, Christmas is soothing.
Baby, baby, baby, Christmas.
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, Christmas.
They don't know they said, don't know they said, don't know they said, don't know they said, don't know they said, don't know they said, don't know they said, don't know they said,
Did you know that your baby boy has come to make you new?
This child that you delivered will soon deliver you.
Oh Mary did you know?
Mary did you know?
Did you know that your baby boy was heaven's perfect?
Let's do it again.
Do you have the ambition?
Yeah, I like this winter wonderland order.
It's only about nine.
I think it's about the ambition, and I think it's about the dream of this winter wonderland.
I like it, too.
The labels ring I'm listening in the name The snow is listening It's a beautiful sight We're happy tonight We're walking in a wind till I'm the land Gone away is the bluebird here to say Here's a bluebird He sings a loud song
As we go along, oh, we're walking into the battle.
We can build us no man.
And pretend that you could pass us around.
You say I am married, I say no man.
But you can do the job when you're in town.
Later on, we'll conspire as we dream.
to peace out of faith, the love that we made, oh, walking in a winter wonderland.
The battle can give us no man.
Yeah, you think that he's by the ground.
He'll say, I'm married, I'm still alone.
Better, better, better, better, better.
We're walking in a winter wonderland We're walking in a winter
Thank you very much.
I would like to thank you very much.
We have a lot of work to do.
It's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's a great game, it's
You will hope that you will be able to keep this in mind.
We have a lot of people who are interested in this.
We have a lot of people who have a lot of people who are interested in this.
I think it's a very good thing.
I think it's a good thing.
I think it's a very difficult game.
It's a very difficult game.
It's a bit of a line, a bit of a line, a bit of a line, a bit of a line, a bit of a line, a bit of a line, a bit of a line, a bit of a line, a bit of a line, a bit of a line.
I think it's a very important thing.
It's a very important thing.
I think it's a great experience, I think it's a great experience, I think it's a great experience, I think it's a great experience, I think it's a great experience, I think it's a great experience, I think it's a great experience, I think it's a great experience, I think it's a great experience.
So, in my case, I had a lot of time, and I had a lot of time, and I had a lot of time, and I had a lot of time, and I had a lot of time, and I had a lot of time, and I had a lot of time, and I had a lot of time, and I had a lot of time, and I had a lot of time, and I had a lot of time.
So, we eat this, yeah?
And we're also familiar here.
Yeah, right, there's a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit.
Again, December finds us gathers here.
The siloc wander in need.
Bye bye.
Don't tell me.
Yeah.
So, we are seeing first, and this is concert, Angie Langt, Albert Sviatnock, Kainen Soghe, and Lead Kim, Iqben Ubergen's Octail, and this is familiar for her.
He opened the ball.
Albert Manufrau, yeah, thank you.
Obviously, let's make this is familiar.
Albert Manufrau, Iqben Nock, Nick Dins, Musikal, is your team, the familiar anglers.
And I feel that I'm going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
This is the Christ-Boum Shtender.
I am now from the Stachbordens, and I am working for the Nechten, and I am working for the Nechten and I am working for the Nechten and I am working for the Nechten and I am working for the Nechten and I am working for the Nechten and I am working for the Nechten and I am working for the Nechten and I am working for the Nechten and I am working for the Nechten and I am working for the Nechten and I am working for the Nechten and I am working for the Nechten and I am working for the Nechten and I am working for the Nechten and I am working for the Nechten and I am working for the Nechten and I am working for the Nechten and I am working for the Nechten and I am working for the Nechten and I am working for the Nechten and I am working for the Nechten and I
I'm four-seeked again, three en-contemonders lead all through a cannon.
The most unique response in design for them grows smoother in the air-sealed, when they vignacite her and come.
The stings that were fully housed, Dr. Kam in Anwundabara, Gedank.
We, we are the Krosmutte Fryen, and we are going to have a little bit of fun.
We are going to have a little bit of fun.
to the mechanism of the functioning of the human body.
In the end, we have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
and the most important thing is that we have to work together.
We have to work together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together together
So aufke reicht wäre längen ichtmehr.
Eichte kärtzen haute bersacht, auf seulte steemann.
De wären auagen mächten sacht ehr bäjeder kugel dierinden baum heung.
Faat haute wiechke an ales ge dachte.
The strain from Beitlehem saus omne aufte schpitzen.
Bundte kugen na schwehrk und runde kärtzen wären und tegebracht.
Engels hau, und lamette, decorative aufke heungt.
Defire.
This is the first time I've ever seen in the beginning.
In the last few years, we had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had a lot of people who had
This is not a lame day, but it is a long time ago.
It is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it is a long time ago, and it
It's hard to see hands as well to all of you who have been here for a while.
It's hard to see.
When the schools were not elated.
As he asked us, we would like to see him from Bethlehem, south of the city of Komeet, to the city of Sima, to the city of Turkey, to the city of Turkey, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima, to the city of Sima
and throwing it through the low-scale earth, to take it to the north, to the north, to the south, to the south, to the south, to the south, to the south, to the south, to the south, to the south, to the south, to the south, to the south, to the south, to the south, to the south, to the south, to the south, to the south, to the south, to the south, to the south.
Shutskifunden, Fartern, Moogter, Lagen, Flach of Denbauch, Den Köpfmitten, Armin Schützen, Moogter, Yamathenen, Tepikenenenen.
Alizum Sonst!
Do you feel that Arbite?
Fartern, Varys, Aliz, seer, Pinlie.
Ummasas, Imienoch, Avirm, Logan Platz, V. Erstart, von Obembes, Ummter, Mien Angel, Haar und La Meht, Geschmechte.
Here comes Grozfatter in the scene, as this, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near, in the near
Bismit Aynem Echten and Tone, the standard-signing geist of Gabb.
Dürichten, Plütlichen, stop, night to seek the Christ balm in tight loop, a field of scalter buffet, delights the narden fonsiech gabend.
Tortenstile.
Plütliche Rief Andreyas.
Du papi, das wa echten estar ke bechierung.
Marchemer das yetz weinachten im meso.
We are now in New York's confetti parade, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope-sick dragon, a hope
And I think that's why I'm here today.
I think that's why I'm here today.